Brand Manager, HCP Marketing Analytics & Insights Job - Karkidi
Home
Jobs
Brand Manager, HCP Marketing Analytics & Insights
Posted on:2 May 2025
BACK TO SEARCH
Brand Manager, HCP Marketing Analytics & Insights
Abbott Laboratories
Apply Now
Job Type
Full Time
Experience
4-6 year
Salary
$112,000 - $224,000 / Year
Location
Alameda, CA, USA
Job Function
Marketing Analytics Manager
Industry
Information Technology
Qualification
Degree in Analytics
Degree in Machine Learning
Masters degree
MBA-Marketing
Key Skills
AWS
,
Effective communication skills
,
KPIs
,
Machine learning techniques
,
Marketing analytics
,
Predictive analytics
,
Python Programming
,
SQL
,
Tableau
Job Description
Abbott is a global healthcare leader that helps people live more fully at all stages of life. Our portfolio of life-changing technologies spans the spectrum of healthcare, with leading businesses and products in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic medicines. Our 114,000 colleagues serve people in more than 160 countries.
Working at Abbott
At Abbott, you can do work that matters, grow, and learn, care for yourself and your family, be your true self, and live a full life. You’ll also have access to:
Career development with an international company where you can grow the career you dream of.
Employees can qualify for free medical coverage in our Health Investment Plan (HIP) PPO medical plan in the next calendar year.
An excellent retirement savings plan with a high employer contribution.
Tuition reimbursement, the Freedom 2 Save student debt program, and FreeU education benefit - an affordable and convenient path to getting a bachelor’s degree.
A company recognized as a great place to work in dozens of countries worldwide and named one of the most admired companies in the world by Fortune.
A company that is recognized as one of the best big companies to work for as well as the best place to work for diversity, working mothers, female executives, and scientists.
The Opportunity
This position works out of our Alameda, CA location in the Diabetes Care division where we are focused on helping people with diabetes manage their health with life-changing products that provide accurate data to drive better-informed decisions. We’re revolutionizing the way people monitor their glucose levels with our new sensing technology.
As the Brand Manager, HCP Marketing Analytics & Insights, you will be accountable for defining measurement plans, designing dashboards and insights on engagements with providers and their staff. You will be engaging across commercial and cross functional teams in maintaining, augmenting and evolving the KPIs and measurement frameworks to fuel insights and future optimizations.
You will be supported as well as rewarded for your performance in a dynamic environment offering opportunities for development and growth. We recognize that people come from diverse backgrounds and skills and welcome all to apply. This is an onsite role in Alameda, CA.
What You’ll Work On
Defines omnichannel data strategy, establishing measurement plans and learning experiments to optimize outcomes and KPIs.
Delivers analytic insights to inform strategy, operational performance, and leadership metrics, contributing to the development of comprehensive Omni Dashboards.
Analyzes engagement patterns and generates actionable insights, informing the creation of marketing collateral and strategic improvements.
Works closely with platform and enablement teams to inform journey refinement, enhance data inputs, and improve next-best-action recommendations orchestrated across channels.
Collaborates with sales and training teams to reinforce data-informed content strategies and support targeted training efforts
Required Qualifications
Bachelors Degree with at least 4-6 years related experience, with at least one year of experience in marketing or product management, or MBA with 1-3 years of related experience.
Experience with marketing analytics, dashboards and tools
Product management experience in medical products or services.
Strong presentation & communication skills, strategic planning, critical thinking and analysis of market conditions.
Experience with digital health
Preferred Qualifications
MBA, MS Degree in Business
Understanding of omni channel orchestration, segmentation analysis, targeting efforts, creative/messaging coordination
Proven ability to manage multiple tasks concurrently under aggressive timelines in a dynamic and ambiguous environment
Strong analytical thinking, executive presence capabilities, and attention to detail
Previous experience working with technology teams
Familiarity with latest analytical tools and dashboarding technologies, data warehousing, software, process, and applications (e.g., SQL, Tableau, AWS, Python, Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics, etc.)
Apply Now
Learn more about our health and wellness benefits, which provide the security to help you and your family live full lives: https://abbottbenefits.com/
Follow your career aspirations to Abbott for diverse opportunities with a company that can help you build your future and live your best life. Abbott is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to employee diversity.
Connect with us at abbott.com, on LinkedIn at https://www.linkedin.com/company/abbott-/, and on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/AbbottCareers.
The base pay for this position is $112,000.00 – $224,000.00. In specific locations, the pay range may vary from the range posted.
Company Info.
Abbott Laboratories
Abbott Laboratories, commonly known as Abbott, is a major American multinational healthcare and pharmaceutical company. It is involved in various aspects of healthcare, including the development, manufacture, and marketing of a wide range of medical products, diagnostic equipment, pharmaceuticals, and nutritional products.
Industry
Healthcare,Pharmaceuticals,Medical Devices Manufacturing
No. of Employees
115,000
Location
Abbott Park, Green Oaks, Illinois, USA
Website
https://www.abbott.com/
Jobs Posted
Get Similar Jobs In Your Inbox
Abbott Laboratories is currently hiring Marketing Analytics Manager  Jobs in Alameda, CA, USA with average base salary of $112,000 - $224,000 / Year.
Similar Jobs
View More
MACHINE LEARNING ENGINEER - ABBOTT PARK, IL OR COLUMBUS, OH
Abbott Laboratories
Abbott Park, Green Oaks, IL, USA
16-18 year
AWS,Azure,C++,Data science techniques,Effective communication skills,Google Cloud Platform (GCP),Java Programming,Machine learning techniques,Python Programming,PyTorch,Scikit-learn,TensorFlow,Writing
MACHINE LEARNING ENGINEER - ABBOTT PARK, IL OR COLUMBUS, OH
Abbott Laboratories
Easton Square Place, Columbus, OH, USA
16-18 year
AWS,Azure,C++,Data science techniques,Effective communication skills,Google Cloud Platform (GCP),Java Programming,Machine learning techniques,Python Programming,PyTorch,Scikit-learn,TensorFlow,Writing
SR. MANAGER INFORMATION SYSTEMS
Abbott Laboratories
Lake Forest, IL, USA
10-12 year
Azure,Business Analytics,Business Intelligence,Data science techniques,Data Visualization,Data Warehousing,Databricks,Effective communication skills,ETL frameworks,HIPAA,IT,Leadership Skill,Machine learning techniques,Management,Planning and organization,PowerBI,SAP
SR. MANAGER INFORMATION SYSTEMS
Abbott Laboratories
Chicago, IL, USA
10-12 year
Azure,Business Analytics,Business Intelligence,Data science techniques,Data Visualization,Data Warehousing,Databricks,Effective communication skills,ETL frameworks,HIPAA,IT,Leadership Skill,Machine learning techniques,Management,Planning and organization,PowerBI,SAP
Commercial Artificial Intelligence Engineer
Abbott Laboratories
Dubai, UAE
2-4 year
Aartificial intelligence,Algorithms,Apache Hadoop,AWS,Azure,Big Data Technology,Data science techniques,Google Cloud Platform (GCP),IT,Machine learning techniques,Natural Language Processing (NLP),Optimization,PyTorch,Scikit-learn,SPARK Programming,TensorFlow
2025 IT Professional Development Program
FEATURED
