Beacon Health System hiring Senior Data Analyst/Programmer - Remote Job in Granger, IN | Glassdoor
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Community
Jobs
Companies
Salaries
For Employers
Search
Notifications
Loading...
Sign In
Skip to main content
Find your perfect job
Search
Are you open to new opportunities?
Upload your resume to increase your chances of getting noticed.
Upload resume
Apply on employer site
Apply now
Is your resume a good match?
Use AI to find out how well the skills on your resume fit this job description.
Upload your resume
Perform technical analysis, design and project management for small projects to deliver maintainable, functional, efficient programs, general consulting and serves as a liaison with all Beacon Health System end-user departments as required. Experience with DA2 and CCL essential. Leads development of solutions requiring analysis and research. Leads support of existing computer applications/systems, which includes troubleshooting, conducting quality assurance and maintaining computer system security. Ability to handle the most complex issues.
Approved remote hiring states:
Indiana, Michigan, Illinois, Kansas, Ohio, Georgia, Kentucky, Florida, Idaho, Minnesota, Tennessee, Wisconsin, Colorado, South Carolina, North Carolina, Texas
MISSION, VALUES and SERVICE GOALS
MISSION:
We deliver outstanding care, inspire health, and connect with heart.
VALUES:
Trust. Respect. Integrity. Compassion.
SERVICE GOALS:
Personally connect. Keep everyone informed. Be on their team.
Job Responsibility
Coordinates responsibilities and projects for defined support areas for computer applications, including project tasks, troubleshooting and documenting problems, and conveying information to the appropriate vendor(s) and/or appropriate Beacon technical staff:
Create maintain Cerner data extracts.
Prior experience with inpatient regulatory external reporting.
Develops and maintains documentation according to established departmental policies and procedures.
Analyzes complex situations or data by reviewing identifiable factors.
Communicates verbally (by phone and in person), in writing and visually observing keyboard and printed representations of issues or requests.
Actively performs troubleshooting activities to avoid potential problems.
Follows established standards, methodologies and procedures to ensure quality work product is produced.
Acts as a liaison advocating for the end-user enterprise goals. Facilitates the flow of information between end-user and information systems departments
Participates in system tests and analyzing test results.
Analyzes complex situations or data by reviewing identifiable factors.
Facilitates the flow of information between end-user and information systems departments.
Facilitates business process redesign and documentation.
Responsible for the technical analysis and design needed to ensure functionality and efficiency:
Works with the Systems Analysts to determine feasibility of moderately complex programming requests.
Completes the analysis required to determine the most efficient program designs, algorithms, file access techniques, and output formats needed to create efficient and effective software solutions.
Writes or contributes to instructions or manuals for data governance.
Confirms project requirements by reviewing program objective, input data, and output requirements with analyst and end-users.
Actively performs troubleshooting activities to avoid potential problems.
Provides leadership to department and customers:
Recognizes their influence and uses it to positively affect the performance of the work group.
Provides coaching and mentoring to programmers on complex code and programs.
Leads by example.
Undertaking special projects at the direction of an IS Manager, Director or the CIO.
Provides differentiated value to customers and peers. Must have support and respect of peers, leadership and customers before being promoted to this level.
Performs other functions to maintain personal competence and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the department by:
Resolves most customer satisfaction issues in a mutually agreeable way in a courteous, responsive and helpful manner. Refers only the most serious or complex issues to management.
Establishes and maintains effective working relationships with end-user departments.
Completes other job-related duties and special projects as directed.
ORGANIZATIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Associate complies with the following organizational requirements:
Attends and participates in department meetings and is accountable for all information shared.
Completes mandatory education, annual competencies and department specific education within established timeframes.
Completes annual employee health requirements within established timeframes.
Maintains license/certification, registration in good standing throughout fiscal year.
Direct patient care providers are required to maintain current BCLS (CPR) and other certifications as required by position/department.
Consistently utilizes appropriate universal precautions, protective equipment, and ergonomic techniques to protect patient and self.
Adheres to regulatory agency requirements, survey process and compliance.
Complies with established organization and department policies.
Available to work overtime in addition to working additional or other shifts and schedules when required.
Commitment to Beacon's six-point Operating System, referred to as The Beacon Way:
Leverage innovation everywhere.
Cultivate human talent.
Embrace performance improvement.
Build greatness through accountability.
Use information to improve and advance.
Communicate clearly and continuously.
Job Qualifications
Education and Experience
The knowledge, skills and abilities as indicated below are normally acquired through the successful completion of a bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university in Computer Science, IS, another appropriate field or equivalent experience. A minimum of three to five years of progressively more responsible experience in programming, and clinical/business acquiring knowledge of standard IT clinical/business practices for defined support areas. Preference will be given to candidates with training and experience with those software and hardware products regularly used by Beacon. Beacon programs Oracle Center CCL, DA2, SVN, data extracts for external payers, specialist with Regulatory reporting.
Knowledge & Skills
Proficient with Oracle Center CCL, DA2, SVN, data extracts for external payers, specialist with Regulatory reporting.
Demonstrates knowledge of moderately complex computer operations and strong familiarity with standard concepts, practices and procedures within a particular field.
Working Conditions
Works in an office environment.
Must be effective in a fast-paced, quality focused, multi-priority environment requiring the ability to prioritize workload to meet deadlines.
May experience some mental/visual fatigue due to continued use of computer equipment.
Physical Demands
Requires the physical ability and stamina (i.e., to sit, stand and/or walk for prolonged periods of time, lift, hold and carry objects weighing up to 30 pounds, etc.) to perform the essential functions of the position.
Location: Beacon Health System · Information Systems
Schedule: Full-time, Day, 8:00 - 5:00
Show more
See company reviews
Is my resume a good match?
Pay details
Granger, IN
The minimum salary is $54K and the max salary is $80K.
$54K – $80K
/yr
Total pay
Glassdoor estimate
$65K
Median pay
Is this pay right for me?
Working here doesn’t have to be a secret
Sign in to browse authentic reviews, anonymous ratings and salary data before you apply.
Sign in
3.3
60 %
Recommend to a friend
56 %
Approve of CEO
CEO:  Kreg Gruber
108 Ratings
Related pages
Senior Data Analyst/Programmer - Remote jobs in Granger, IN
Jobs at Beacon Health System in Granger, IN
Senior Data Analyst/Programmer - Remote salaries in Granger, IN
Reviews at Beacon Hea