Blue Shield Of California hiring Product Manager, Consultant Job in Oakland, CA | Glassdoor
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Community
Jobs
Companies
Salaries
For Employers
Search
Notifications
Loading...
Sign In
Skip to main content
Find your perfect job
Search
Are you open to new opportunities?
Upload your resume to increase your chances of getting noticed.
Upload resume
Apply on employer site
Apply now
Is your resume a good match?
Use AI to find out how well the skills on your resume fit this job description.
Upload your resume
Your Role
The Product Manager, Consultant will report to the Senior Manager, Digital Product Management. In this role you will leverage your expertise in Product Management and industry knowledge to articulate a compelling vision for the future of our online tools for our Brokers, Employers, and Shopping Consumers. You will partner with business stakeholders to meet our shared business objectives. You will collaborate daily with UX, Development, and QA resources on the Agile Team. You will collaborate with colleagues on Product Management and Agile Best Practices. You will lead the ideation process to identify new and innovative ways to make complex health care products easy to understand and purchase online.
Our leadership model is about developing great leaders at all levels and creating opportunities for our people to grow – personally, professionally, and financially. We are looking for leaders that are energized by creative and critical thinking, building and sustaining high-performing teams, getting results the right way, and fostering continuous learning.
Your Work
In this role, you will:
Deliver high-quality experiences to end-users at a product level
Align user needs with company objectives to achieve product outcomes
Utilize and synthesize qualitative and quantitative data to continuously drive product improvements
Collaborate and build strong relationships across departmental teams, with the development team, and internal and external stakeholders for the success of your product
Understand and drive User Experience (UX) research and design to craft high quality, engaging user experiences
Develop product roadmap by achieving alignment with key stakeholders and execute to achieve aligned outcomes
Determine and analyze KPIs at a product level to establish digital experience success, failures, and next steps through iteration
Articulate business goals, strategies, and logic across internal and external teams
Structure strategic conversations and contribute to product strategy development
Create and deliver clear and compelling presentations to the appropriate audience
Independently convey product thought leadership clearly through written and verbal communication
Provide appropriate context to inform and influence executive stakeholders
Write detailed user stories and acceptance criteria covering multiple user-types
Participate and engage in agile ceremonies; facilitate those required for product artifacts as they support product outcomes
Participate and actively engage in resolving agile team blockers and conflicts in a timely
manner
Utilize product management tools to create, manage, and prioritize agile team backlog
Utilize tools for basic analytics to inform product decisions and show measurable outcomes of product releases
Utilize various discovery methods to create product context for data driven
product opportunities
Telecommuting within normal commuting distance of the office is permitted but must come to the office when needed
Your Knowledge and Experience
Requires a Master's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Engineering Management, or related field AND 2 years of experience as a Product Manager, Consultant or similar role in IT; OR
Requires a Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Engineering Management, or similar AND 5 years of experience as a Product Manager, Consultant or similar role in IT
Requires healthcare experience
Requires experience with Agile/Scrum
Requires direct experience working with digital self-service sites
Hybrid
This role requires employees to be in-office based on our hybrid workplace model, balancing purposeful in-person collaboration with flexibility. For most teams, this means coming into the office two days each week.
Employees living more than 50 miles from an office location will work with their manager to determine in-office time based on business need.
ABOUT THE TEAM
About Blue Shield of California
As of January 2025, Blue Shield of California became a subsidiary of Ascendiun. Ascendiun is a nonprofit corporate entity that is the parent to a family of organizations including Blue Shield of California and its subsidiary, Blue Shield of California Promise Health Plan; Altais, a clinical services company; and Stellarus, a company designed to scale healthcare solutions. Together, these organizations are referred to as the Ascendiun Family of Companies.
At Blue Shield of California, our mission is to create a healthcare system worthy of our family and friends and sustainably affordable. We are transforming health care in a way that genuinely serves our nonprofit mission by lowering costs, improving quality, and enhancing the member and physician experience.
To achieve our mission, we foster an environment where all employees can thrive and contribute fully to address the needs of the various communities we serve. We are committed to creating and maintaining a supportive workplace that upholds our values and advances our goals.
Blue Shield is a U.S. News Best Company to work for, a Deloitte U.S. Best Managed Company and a Top 100 Inspiring Workplace. We were recognized by Fair360 as a Top Regional Company, and one of the 50 most community-minded companies in the United States by Points of Light. Here at Blue Shield, we strive to make a positive change across our industry and communities – join us!
Our Values:
Honest.
We hold ourselves to the highest ethical and integrity standards. We build trust by doing what we say we're going to do and by acknowledging and correcting where we fall short.
Human.
We strive to listen and communicate effectively, showing empathy by understanding others' perspectives.
Courageous.
We stand up for what we believe in and are committed to the hard work necessary to achieve our ambitious goals.
Our Workplace Model
We believe in fostering a workplace environment that balances purposeful in-person collaboration with flexibility - providing clear expectations while respecting the diverse needs of our workforce. Our workplace model is designed around intentional in-person interaction, collaboration, connection, creativity and flexibility:
For most teams, this means coming into the office two days per week.
Employees living more than 50 miles from an office location, out of state employees, and employees in certain member-facing roles should work with their manager to determine in-office time based on business need.
For employees with medical conditions that may impact their ability to work in-office, we are committed to engaging in an interactive process and providing reasonable accommodations to ensure their work environment is conducive to their success and well-being.
The Company reserves the right to require more presence in the office based on business needs, and requirements are subject to change with periodic reviews.
Physical Requirements:
Office Environment - roles involving part to full time schedule in Office Environment. Based in our physical offices and work from home office/deskwork - Activity level: Sedentary, frequency most of work day.
Equal Employment Opportunity:
External hires must pass a background check/drug screen. Qualified applicants with arrest records and/or conviction records will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with Federal, State and local laws, including but not limited to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for 