Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy | Gilead
Privacy Statement
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
This Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to Washington residents (“Consumers” or “you”) and provides information regarding what consumer health data Gilead and its affiliated entities (referred to collectively as “Gilead,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) collect about you, in connection with our products, services, apps and websites both online and offline (collectively, the “Services”) the sources from which we collect such data, the purposes for which we use and disclose this information, and how you can exercise certain rights with respect to such data.
Categories of Consumer Health Data We Collect
As part of the information we may collect or receive about you (as further described in the Gilead Privacy Statement), we may collect and process certain information about you that could identify past, present or future physical or mental health status (“Consumer Health Data”). This Consumer Health Data generally includes:
Biographical and demographic information
to the extent related to physical or mental health status, diagnosis, disease, or treatment.
Health and medical information
(such as information about physical and mental health conditions and diagnoses, treatments for medical conditions, genetic information, family medical history, medications an individual may take, including the dosage, timing, and frequency, and information about an individual’s healthcare providers) we collect in connection with recruiting for clinical trials, conducting certain types of research activities (e.g. market research), providing patient support and access programs, and distributing and marketing our products and Services.
Location data
including precise location information about a particular individual or device.
Product safety and quality information
related to our clinical products and treatments (such as adverse event reports). (For more information about safety and adverse event reporting, go to
https://www.gilead.com/contact-us/report-an-adverse-event)
.
Financial information and transaction data
, including purchase history (such as insurance, billing, payment and other transactional information, income, and information to determine eligibility for patient assistance programs and services).
Records of your communications and other requests.
For example, if you email, call, or otherwise communicate with us or with members of our team) e.g., when you fill out a form on one of our websites or sign up for news and updates from us).
Registration information.
When you register for certain Services (such as if you participate in promotions or register for events or programs that we sponsor or administer).
Information we may collect via automated means or derive about you,
which could include inferences about your health or medical status derived or extrapolated from nonConsumer Health Data. Such information may include your device and browser information, activities, and usage data about your use of our Services, and location information derived from your IP address or (with your permission) your mobile device.
Sources of Consumer Health Data We collect your Consumer Health Data from the following sources:
Directly from you when you access or use our Services or communicate with us about our business or our Services.
When permitted and through our use of cookies and other automatic data collection technologies, when you visit our websites, use our mobile applications, open or click on emails we send you, or interact with our advertisements. We or third parties we work with may automatically collect certain information using technologies such as cookies, web beacons, clear GIF, pixels, internet tags, web server logs, and other data collection tools.
From healthcare professionals.
From government agencies and/or public records.
From service providers, data brokers, or business partners.
From industry and patient groups and associations.
From publicly available sources, including information provided on websites, social media channels, public forums or platforms, and other third-party sources.
How We Use Consumer Health Data
Providing Services and support.
To provide and make available our Services, to communicate with you about your use of and interactions with our Services, to respond to your inquiries, to fulfill your orders and requests, and for other customer and patient support purposes. For example:
Where you have requested information regarding participation in a clinical trial with Gilead or one of Gilead’s partners
To support disease management, education, or decision support systems related to the use of our products and Services
Where you have requested a Service from Gilead, assisting you in the completion of your application, the assessment of your eligibility for any such requested Services, the fulfillment of the Services, as well as any applicable renewal of such Services
Making proposals for future Service needs
Quality, safety and regulatory reporting.
We may record and report on the health and other information that we collect associated with product safety or quality, and other adverse incident reports in compliance with our legal regulatory obligations. We may also contact you to seek additional information from individuals who report or communicate such product safety, quality, and other adverse incident information, in order to fulfill our legal and regulatory obligations. The information you provide Gilead is very important and will be used in the safety monitoring of our products for reporting and public health purposes. Please visit the Adverse Event Reporting page to learn more about our practices related to such information.
Research and analytics.
For purposes of conducting research and analytics to understand, improve, evaluate, and develop our Services and business processes and to develop other insights. For example, we may conduct primary and secondary research related to our clinical products and treatments and related Services, including by recruiting for and conducting clinical trials and to research and develop new products and treatments and other Services. We may administer surveys and questionnaires for market research or quality and satisfaction purposes. We also use Consumer Health Data that we collect about your use of our Services to better understand how users access and use these Services and for other research and analytical purposes, such as to evaluate and improve our Services and business operations, to develop new Services and features, and for internal quality control and training purposes. We may also analyze public sources, such as websites and social media channels, for information related to or reported about us and our Services.
Customization and personalization.
To tailor content we may send or display on our Services, including to offer location customization and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences.
Marketing and advertising.
As permitted under applicable law, we use certain Consumer Health Data for marketing and advertising purposes, in accordance with applicable law. For example, to send you information about our Services, such as offers, promotions, newsletters and other information we think may interest you, as well as any other information that you sign up to receive. We also may use certain information we collect to manage and improve our marketing and advertising.
Planning and managing events.
For event planning and management, including registration, attendance, connecting you with other event attendees, event feedback, and contacting you about relevant events and Services.
Security and protection of rights.
To protect our business and our Services; to prevent and detect fraud, unauthorized activities and access, and/or other misuse; and where we Gilead Sciences, Inc. 333 Lakeside Drive Foster City, C
