Home - Wollborg Michelson Recruiting
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
A Proven Recruiting Firm Connecting Job Seekers With Thriving Businesses for 50+ Years
For Career Seekers
For Businesses
Trusted by Fortune 500 companies in the fields of
Healthcare
Finance
Call Center
HR/Talent Acquisition
Job seekers
Professional Opportunities and Development Awaits You
The job market is constantly changing and so are you. Building a career is time-consuming and at times, difficult to navigate. Beyond a job, you need a career that aligns with who you are.
We work individually with job seekers to understand your personality, identify strengths, interests and long-term goals. Our mission is to lead you to a career of your dreams.
Temp
Temp to Hire
Direct Hire
Find your dream job
For Businesses
Qualified Employees Ready To Support Your Business
Finding top talent in the marketplace can be a challenge. Wollborg Michelson has a proven methodology and experience supporting the growth of companies for over 50 years.
We partner closely with your hiring managers, to understand the objectives, culture and staffing demands, to quickly deliver employees that fit. We won't waste your time with stacks of résumés, we provide ready-to-go, excited, and thoughtfully selected talent.
Healthcare
Finance
Call Center
HR/Talent Acquisition
Find your dream candidate
ABOUT US
A partner and advocate in supporting the ambitions of our community.
At Wollborg Michelson, we are committed, tenacious, and passionate about what we do. Whether you're a company trying to fill a position, or a job seeker searching for the right career, we’re here to assist. We have the expertise, experience, and drive to overcome any perceived challenge. With fifty years of building strong relationships we’ve placed over 100,000 job seekers in dream roles, while meeting the needs of our distinguished client partners. Our relationships generate results. We earn our reputation every day.
Learn more about us
50
+ Years
of Experience
100,000
Candidates Placements
Fortune
500
Clients
Meet Our Professionals
and See Their Adventures
Albert Matel
Senior Talent Heath Care Advisor
Albert Matel is an expert collaborator, communicator, educator, and coach. Matel served twenty-one years in the military. When the army selected him
Read more
Tiffany Bomar
Senior Customer Advocate
Tiffany Bomar, earned her associates in Applied Sciences  and her degree in Search Tech from Niagara County Community College. Bomar has  been
Read more
DeeDee Russell
Customer Service Representative
DeeDee Russell, is an ambitious empathy expert with over three decades of customer service experience. Previously, Russell worked at the San Quentin
Read more
Tambra Recek
Medical Assistant
Tambra Recek is a licensed medical assistant who enriches her community as a practiced customer service representative. Tambra builds relationships on the
Read more
Monique Jones
Customer Service
Monique Jones is a customer service aficionado with six-plus years of experience under her belt. Encountering trials head-on and leaning into empathy
Read more
Our Featured Professional and What
They Have to Say About Us
“I was offered full-time, plus given a raise and upgrade in my position. And it’s been amazing. I was able to buy a brand new car. The benefits are great, but it was people who thought enough of me to give me a chance”
Featured Insights
02.09.2023
What Is a Customer Success Manager? Jobs to Consider in Advancement in the Customer Service Career
What they do: Customer Success Managers maintain a positive customer experience, foster relationships, and support brand loyalty. They work to promote customer retention and employer brand. Why you should get a job in Customer Success: According to a study published through ...
Read more
02.02.2024
Video Job Interview Tips: A Video Interview Checklist
Read more
02.02.2024
Gaining Career Clarity for 2024 | Setting Goals You’ll Actually Keep
Read more
01.12.2024
Top 4 HR & Management Conferences to Elevate Your Leadership in 2024
Read more
Read all insights
Get Started
Let’s connect. We’d love to learn about your business needs and career interests.
Contact us
Instagram
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Name
(Required)
First
Last
Email
(Required)
Company
(Required)
Job Title
Industry
CAPTCHA
×
